[Music]
family how are you good afternoon good
afternoon afternoon good afternoon good afternoon good night
sorry
good night well it's been a huge
success I loved it I
loved it I had a
brutal time how the cd
changes the title in tweets man well
I think that pau is up to something and
not just to piss me off not
for paula I think that you are up to
something I don't understand I don't
understand paulo that you are up to something and you
know how to change the title you don't know how to
change the title paulo the category
another one taught I
ask paulik maybe he doesn't know
yet it was much better than I
expected it
was much better to have had a great time I
have to tell you that I had a
great time
super good in fact
epic churri it's here we didn't think that you would
get this far it has been incredible
when I went and he told you that you won't take
many videos do everything including
the hide and seek he didn't have confidence in me
once I said that I would give everything I had I did
well listen to me I
did well
I am editing the video calm down
paula don't tell me your life we ​​all
have problems friends it's that  send him
a video for the lollipop for the
item is designed that I am giving the
video that calms me down
I do not have this the things that I do
every day and the problems that I have I do not know
find a way papu find a way
good time family the experience is incredible
there like this for whatever
tomorrow
Marianas thank you very much if for
whatever tomorrow the experience does not continue okay
I am freaking out even though we have
passed the first day okay it would be worth it
the experience would be worth it more Serbian the
truth is that I really liked it I really
liked it everything surprised me
for the better okay it surprised me
well I was surprised by the people that all the
people yes it is true that they have
received me quite well I thought I was
against it they were going to give me a bad face or a
bad vibe whatever but what are you doing
now let's see the changes you have
put me for whoever wants to see the game
of the first day success is editing it and it will be
tomorrow for the main channel
okay so whoever wants to see them tomorrow the
main channel hub and oliveira
but let's end here now the camels
okay let's go to the camels because it has
been good they have changed them for me  liked it
okay the truth is that everyone I'm a little
introverted
because I say to approach one to others
that they will think that I'm looking for
videos or whatever but the truth is that
everyone has been approaching and everything when they
have crossed me by sanyo they have been
greeting me and telling me things and jokes and so
on
that for the people then for
what is the part of the what is the
event what
is the event incredible
incredible how they have put it together incredible
how they have organized these
cinematics that they have made
incredible I mean speechless buy the
rights so that it can be called the
squid game
brutal brutal super top it is a
super top series not the support of the people the
support of the people goddess I expected that
seeing me play a video game well
people were not going to support me and well here
this support a little the screen because I would
change this when the
week passes I am not going to change it now for
for our our another I had to have
done another scene part and I have not
done it so I will remove it when
when the week ends or when they eliminate me
4000 viewers peak and loves
most of the  time the 4,000
viewers
a thousand new followers in tweets
a thousand new followers in tweets and almost
60 to 57 subscriptions thanks Rodrigo to
a hug
I think it's brutal no
I think it's very top you
're not playing
so that later you jerks come here and
tell me that you see me for the salsa and for
the and for the topics that I talk about
only
playing a video game
for a tracksuit from school I do
n't know Paula what to tell you
now the same calm down Paulo brutal
brutal so nothing
thank you very much god thank you very much without
words and then we'll see the
paths here you have compiled them the
cameos from the perspective of others
you know how to compile the changes from the
perspectives of others
so let's see them we'll
see it we stop anyway if you want to
see my full episode of the first
day of the game the squid tomorrow early I
don't know early that now it will be hello hello
from my land wave of terror thank you king
thank you king thank you very much welcome to
all of you who come from part of
the south
well this this is that I'm going to have to
go  picking up the links right you have to be
picking up the links because the
browser is less
how nervous we had a great
strategy to yours
thanks to him done well finally made me
king of the south thanks
hey listen I did very well
listen we did very well he
played very calmly I concentrated
on the game of the wrist and
hide and seek yes it is true that he uses
a handle because it is that I did not know almost
no ideas came to me man because
the idea that I had was that you could
dig up the earth a little get down there
and digging digging digging
digging even if it is by hand but you can't
if there is night that alliance
javi don't make a video
happiness of surfing I say his ra face
smiling with his eyes closed a
hug
[ __ ] dallas upload a powerful video
thanks friends thank you very much now
we will listen you
see me they have come to receive me very
cool the truth is I think that I was a
little resentful for the type of
channel that I am but cool look I always
left when it is going to be yes
and night
and do
n't make a video I'm going to kill
Greece it's not yours in the final with
punches
at the
end of
this state the surprise
totally went and I are the
typical profile of the guy who doesn't know how to play but he's a
bit that's a bit of an [ __ ] okay well that
's our profile he doesn't know how to play but
well look he shot and his grace he knows he didn't go to
play but well it has its grace and they
start sneaking in it's flying and you find yourself
with the two of them in the final breaking their
faces to be in focus here with us
laughing in amagá realize what an
account look it's true I say it
I already did
all
what does he do
because the sound for the headphones is gone
because that's where the sound for the
speakers is
thanks to caps and thank you very much let's
see
now I think the return thanks
Eduardo Eduardo thank you very much king it
's me
Javier Neira after making 30
videos but from afar I was waiting for what
happened to the bastard there is no there are no
motorcycles
the moderators in the chat what's going on
listen to me as I've seen 10 can we
trust ibai
and I come from calm
and
looking up
oliveira after making 30 videos
I'm going to greet him like super good
people
[Laughs]
and
I hadn't seen him I was going up
stairs like the having is you know
that the stairs are not really my thing since I
was going up stairs like
come on going up stairs going up
stairs and suddenly I heard the voice
javi what's up listening to him I recognized the
voice obviously
pleasant
very handsome
heart
I'm glad you had a good time in
the tournament and making cameos in the other
streams already surviving one day is a
victory for us xd today the
day was fulfilled I really mean it
today the day was fulfilled I had my cameo I had it I had a
great time I had a
great time
after done
gamer javi gamer
this is the fact that it's the event
very handsome what happens man has to
get out of the salsa category
but let's go in one go
well you're missing for the category to come
but you have to make many videos to
get into the salsero category
but don't put me strikes
like he has done
this year I don't know [ __ ] they arrive alone
says ave and diana thank you very much
welcome comes out had  that to release the
Europeans but the thing about the thing about the thing about the thing about
is the categories to the CEO and the strike
had to be it yes or yes
obviously or rather this video if
next year it's my turn in the category this baby
this doesn't have a few weeks churras hey there
's a lot of luck 20 days 20 videos
made easy 20 videos easy and all the
currently if you win I'll kill myself learning to we
fulfill the purpose
here
that white head in which
that white head has died is the corpse that we
were looking for
this path
this one here made me
to peter clear it's also true it's
my love
well
the money of
truth for
the money
the money of
money account let's
see you can live more chile you can
live more from chelsea benghazi but it arrived you
can a little more calmly but do
n't believe it leave the controversy 2 -
because I also tell you that I like it there's no need to
comment on it the sauce and tone
thank you very much and the truth is that it was
very handsome but less thank you for your
compliments
and indeed
the little bag I swear that if you die I'm
going to celebrate that there are deposits
requested many times let's see what else
way we have grandpa cajal
is that I did not expect cajal
at all and gave box to the arab a little
with him because he will be loyal with his things
and I with mine but but Cajal has been a very
good friend of mine and a good colleague friend friend
very great he has
been a good colleague well here we are we are
with the effective ones we are already with
the boss but well at least
what a man is pp what about God
[Laughs]
well of a dinosaur if he is not here
anyway let's see the best win
although I think the best is going to be
complicated although he is not late he is
the one who was because he
walks around there and you find
the youtubers let's see be Yuki come on let's
see changing this rain
dead he would not
be dead
okay calling someone else not
me what's going on what's going on but how are you
very well here
and they are going to see
the son and he comes for love look it's true I
was talking to my friend and she comes
alone now [ __ ] me life is
and talking to my friend please why do you have to
come look for salsa man
look playing like this of our 150
videos macho let's
see let's see things long before
the tournament I have done running the  video
before the tournament made running the
video of cola góring but already today
well well now it has been little no
now there to see
but it has been little thing I do not
think they were gossiping
[Laughter]
[Music]
well today she has to eat
thanks
but it cannot be seen or rather it is not her it is
not her I was seeing her face she
is looking at me but no no no it is not her
since there is a hit
here
amaya
has several of people that varies how
crazy of so many people perspective from
carolina to carolina abril what a shame it is
because this has been good people of
carolina abril and she has died and she has died
in the first she has died in the doll
to death the doll
abril ferral
you know that when you go to see my twitter there
is a notice for adults
right you are a minor
[Music]
with those things more right after there
is always a little sign when you enter that
type of twitter that tells you twitter is
only for adults
well I do not know how to read
at least everyone is cordial with you
personally it is not personal you have not hit me
seriously the strike and if I get angry
obviously I do not get all the
incredible support but they are not  very serious things
that is
big
look at my name Carolina April
18 there is there it has been heard from behind
impossible it
is the first time that I am going to play more in
my life
practice
hope
play back
[Laughs]
surely we will be the ones that
will do Chinese or rather what we will finish what
nobody wants of course I have you
but if you want it to be seen if you are
walking for another you want to join there
I have felt totally integrated
there I have felt totally integrated
family
now I think that he has seen it a couple of
times from afar but now
but there I have felt totally
integrated in fact they are offering me
a team we
achieved it family
but my team ended up dying it did not end up dying it
began to die it has died of
love almost everything has died is
worth it I mean
almost everyone has died
if he wants to come
Djukic and us I had he says that if he
survives
today it was from a rally mine it
was from a rally I am
left alone with Mia he
believes that setting will work
but why king [ __ ]
the guy let's
see shot it
is that I do not trust sleeping with her we will not
be seeing him
oli gamer is a boy that I do not
remember why I do not
remember  because we had a
problem and there are channels on my channel about
the subject, let's
see
why you see parishioners, kid, but if I
fought
[Laughs]
and when you upload the edited video
you have to put yourself in the
quotes, criticism channels and
greetings from Vienna,
thank you very much,
good people in the shot, they are good people, I
had taxes
but well
here's the [ __ ] up thing,
I have the heart, now my family
is that of course you from the outside saw it and
said, wow, the easiest level, the
harder it is, but it's a
responsibility when you're playing, it's
a responsibility when you're
playing when you're inside, at all
times
I thought that they had passed the green light
please and I look very handsome, even very
handsome, whatever the exit, we'll move on to the
next
little bit, but he's still physically main line
take the interaction triumph 1
manu they love you ute I don't know who he is on
youtube and on tweet I don't know who manute is
the truth is I know his name sounds familiar to me, I
hear him many times but I don't know who he is
but it's true that I found him
in a house in the hideout
in the hideout I
don't know who they
are you have to
find a place
everyone knows in the end it
is  the best player of morte kaiser
is the best player of mor del kaiser
thanks for the info paula but you should
know what edge is the kaiser
is important in my life for del kaiser
the morde that the one who has love from
alejandra thank you very much heaven thank you very much
sweetheart we have to look for a sign
come on
but I say it sounds familiar to me manu theme
the name doesn't sound familiar to me gamer it sounds
familiar to me because the name continues right that I
know the name he listens to it a lot and
then said manute wherever he goes to manu
I'll go to the death no and then we
started seeing manu test and we have to
look for a place no and suddenly he
told me this thanks and that everything no
place is worth dude everything is very visible it
's probable if it could be
recorded something but it can't be done or anything it does
n't make sense to us appealed host I got
trapped
bareback
or up here but no but no no no no no
nothing around here there's nothing
and I haven't seen it anymore I'm
not seen it anymore I got into the subject of
that and I'm going to go to my gone and
find myself I've already said that if from here
if from here where you  you hide when
i said so
this is your idol
javi you tell him straight and poor manu
is in your care
paulino i read more and i don't read more they look and i
call you anymore i don't read more i don't read any
messages your youtube out loud base that they
close my networks
host marc and locura g
marc and locura eye since i have found
everyone with whom with whom we have
had salcedo it is that they have had them
salsero with all of them i say it no what a
coincidence no how small the world will
find me with all of those you have the
gentleman that they have salsa with all of them
my message pin wretches no
postal service
here he is asleep marquina what's going on here
what's going on here
if they want that one who is going to dedicate a
video and another one followed
everything he wants everything he wants this is already
here
this is from here
well here it is several times here
the autumn well done the place i
was i say as you see below and here it has been
eliminated i say let's do the
end they climbed trees on me
in a tree i jumped from the roof to a tree that
was next to it my part of the roof a
tree dude if i had done  of sun
been I try to imitate it there we would have there we would have
finished the squid
family
oh we would have finished
fulfilled
this already well I know how soon my
grandchildren spent a day at the squid and
finally Carola
and finally Caro the truth is
with this diet it
is open
by olé
of tension next mouth Javier son
god mother who gave birth to me
during May
that random do not look here was 88
Roberto follow the ally from the other day no
Roberto will continue the league of no from the other
day do not lose the thread on twitter I do not know
what move
very very cool uncle very cool and they
also sent me one from Juan Varnish
about WhatsApp
very very cool but look you I no longer
know if I have said it inside
now I do not remember
now the flights and waters what I saw inside
but if I have seen it I have seen it at some
point in which I could not speak clearly
because there was well most of the time it was
not possible
the microphone was not open let's say they
should not make a timer Savioli Beira
his letters and the author
people would go for the four and directly I did not
say they do not arrive or  the green light not
red
and
family I'm glad hey do you want me not to
give a place to the salsa channels
in this kind of big things not
because in the end you want it not to be I don't know I do
n't know how many viewers it had
but if I have 4000 I imagine that
these people the big ones will have had
each 200 thousand 300 thousand viewers or
some crazy thing if you don't know how many
viewers the series had in the end
today in the end in total in total
with the deposit I saw many times
and gave Juan one hundred thousand euros with 200 thousand
a million bioware in microns and but let's
suppose that a million people not just
anyone who doesn't today gives it to a
place to the sal channels or that it is
a category man
and also I think that the way
we are doing it at least I don't watch
many of the others' videos not for nothing
but because of time and also because of
time because I need it for my
work of course but
the way that I try to make
salsa right now totally
healthy simply commenting on the news and
little else then I don't see that there is any
problem or toxicity or anything  also I
always follow people that in the
face of the comment there is respect and
when there is an idiot banned outside you know
then you are
going to publish it if remember that
tomorrow on the main channel
as soon as I saw
Jackie's reaction in my ray
but here he put it in his
balls that they shot me for being sad and
perverse and on the way they shot me that I am
glad that he is not in the stands but that
I am not
[Music]
and nothing gave a
flyer 10,000 rubí 43 thousand
diana Pablo clear obviously but
[Music]
Javier is the defender of the indefensible
Death and Flow we discuss it tomorrow
Francisco for Mr. Heria look this is going to
be a very nice week
this is going to be a very nice week
yes yes I have known them for many years at
least we are friends because friends is a
very big word but I have a
lot of appreciation for cito and apap and Gabi they are
two people that each one of them on one
hand but then they
both got together but I met each one of them on their
side for different reasons  successes
knew him because he was a friend of my friend
one map
for pilar and the cones and well I wouldn't
go because the good ones always the
good ones even in person in bad faith
and they are people that I have known since
the beginning that we have always
treated each other very well with a lot of respect and
also always super cool and I like them a lot and they
transmit very good vibes to me
always tomorrow at the same time at 8
yes
tomorrow at 8
they say that rubio was seen live man you
will have to know with rubén I have crossed paths
a lot with noise I have crossed paths a lot but he
mentioned something he
mentioned something very cool very cool
very cool
to nibble and it's pure talking to us about you
very recently live and they spoke very
affectionately reciprocal also they
comment a lot on the videos they
like to see the salsero saw your click of stones
to the jodas I want about that I
want to see that if now we see the video
of the I want to see that of the rubio let's see
but what did bickley see of the king of stones
that we have seen here
the second day it's going to be more complicated
as a family I'm going to give it my all but I
don't believe that we have passed  the first
day
to pray more than a priest ugh it's that the 15
minutes me saying period come on we've
passed half we've passed we've already
passed 10 minutes the 5 minutes
before saying it's that we have the
possibility of getting killed until the
last second you understand let's
see how to hold on I'm going to try to
get to the end what I see as most
complicated is
the final battle what is the
final battle the hand to hand is the most
complicated but it
will depend on who I have to
fight with you're watching click
or rather rubio you're already watching clips
this you're watching this you're watching click it
lasts longer than Fernando Florez I've already
lasted longer than Fernán Flor
very strong that
very strong that's let's
see
let's see that we've already moved on to the salsa singer
that we have here today
Fernanflor said that he lasts longer than
Fernando he's very strong that's me when I
saw that Fernán was dying I said already I
can retire get out I can literally
tell my children
that I beat Fernán in the game you know
that literally he doesn't give a damn Fernán
the game
who is there are
many people who don't know  wants to feel
my Christmas that has put my club
I stayed Calabria has seen from the
perspective of Greve
you have to make me many videos to
put category of Sanxenxo bastard 10
in this year 20 videos and
that has a week
Jesus
[Music]
has passed
and close this
Williams family ski these clients
are these clicks that can be seen if there
is a section in tweets of clips the
most viewed clips or something like that
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul does not have time if you
name or title
very strong very strong there the client
but well let's go to the salt or
people send them to him okay okay okay okay okay
okay
[Music]